this is where behind the scenes look guy
going into cool world
let's go
girl
I think she's spotted me
I think she's seen me it's just kind
just like I just spot me crikey it just
like you for dinner
she likes to eat bitches
I wish that she was a lesbian because
that would make me happy because
actually can you explain why that would
make me happy because I don't think it
would you let me watch
this shit right here my documentary it's
gonna have to go the Discovery Channel
guys everywhere
the fuck is out with girls
excuse me hi Christine
I'm really stubborn and I don't back
down for anything so uh here's me
getting out my frustration on Daniel
this is gonna be great hurts I wanna
raise for a little girl
a message Jason you Mexican okay it's
just a small small taste
Christine you look really pretty today
sure thank you
actually no thank you Christine I love
what you did with your here today
you
don't near their food because they might
attack I don't know what I'll do but
it's not good for instance
what
that's the reigning face everything that
they say
what
she knows what's up she knows exactly
Daniel likes to think he's cool and make
stuff up because like 89 89% of the
stuff that just came out of his mouth in
this video is not true by
okay correction I watched his video and
more like 30 percent of it is not true